Previously, on "Bates Motel"...
I'm Emma's mother.
This isn't your earring, Norma.
This is Emma's mother's.
It's me, again. It's Norma.
Can you keep this secret about me?
What do you think about Norman?
If want to know what's
really wrong with Norman,
you should talk to the
person who knows him best.
My name is Norma Bates,
and I'm still alive!
She's just out of control.
She thinks that she knows
what is best about everything,
but she does not.
How... how is Sam?
Did you ever get to talk to
him about how you were feeling?
I love you, Marion.
I don't know what's going on with him.
It's like I'm living with a stranger.
[gasps]
Mother, I need to talk
to you, right now.
Stop playing games!
Mother! Mother?
I don't like this, Mother.
[dramatic string flourish]
[birds chirping]
[ominous music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[retching and coughing]
[somber music]
Mother?
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Hello, Norman, it's Sheriff Greene here.
Oh, Sheriff, how are you?
I'm okay.
I'd like you to come
down to the station.
Of course.
Everything okay?
I'd just like to talk
to you about something.
Uh, yes, yes, I'll,
uh... I'll be right over.
Thank you, Norman.
Okay, all righty, uh... good-bye.
[ominous music]
- Sync and corrections by madhatters -
- www.addic7ed.com -
[somber music]
[door clicks and creaks open]
[door thuds closed]
I was looking for stamps.
I... I found this.
It's your mom's, right?
Yeah.
It's fine. I... I get why you kept it.
Do you... do you want me to put it back?
No, it's okay. It's not a big deal.
Um, stamps are in the bedside table.
Here, I'll... I'll clean this stuff up.
- All right.
- [murmurs indistinctly]
[clattering, drawer scrapes]
[footsteps tapping]
Thank you for coming down, Norman.
It's my pleasure.
We're trying to find any leads possible
to help us capture Alex Romero.
I get that you didn't like him,
but he was your step-father.
You must know something,
who his friends were.
Well, as far as I know, Alex Romero had
no friends at all.
He was a lonely, very unhappy man,
and I think that's why
he latched onto my mother
so completely and didn't
want anyone else in her life.
I can't help but feel that
his escape has something
to do with him coming back here
for some unfinished business.
The tie-in to Jim Blackwell
is too huge a coincidence.
Do you have any idea what
that reason might be?
Mm... no.
No, I... I don't.
I understand there was an altercation
at your mother's funeral.
You got into a physical fight,
threats were made.
Yes, I just didn't want him there.
Why not?
I felt that he had
been bad for my mother
and that he was part of the reason
she took her own life.
Some people are saying he
blamed you for her death.
Yes, well, of course he would, Sheriff.
He didn't wanna believe
it was his own fault.
It was much easier to
just blame it on the kid
who just got out of
the mental institution.
All right, look, I
really... I... I don't have
anything else to tell you.
Nothing to say about the man.
What about the visit you
made to him in prison
24 hours before he escaped?
[tense music]
Oh, that. That was a quick visit.
He didn't say much of anything,
not that he ever does.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you
about it before, Sheriff.
I just really didn't
think it'd be relevant.
Right, so when I asked you the other day
if he'd contacted you...
Well, technically speaking,
he didn't contact me...
But, you know, yes, I am
sorry that I didn't tell you.
I...actually just find
it hard to talk about.
To tell you the truth, I'm not even sure
what I was looking for by going there.
Maybe closure of some
sort, but it was a deeply
unsatisfying experience,
massive mistake.
He said almost nothing
and just, mm... stared.
He looked like a madman,
if I'm being honest.
It's possible you provoked him.
He might be coming for you.
Yes, the thought has occurred to me.
Be careful.
Yes, I will.
[door clicks open]
Oh, and, Norman...
Just so you know, he's armed.
[music intensifying]
Okay.
Mother!
[door creaking]
[ominous music]
[door slams]
[line trilling]
[phone ringing]
[phone beeps]
White Horse Bar.
Oh, good afternoon, I was just wondering
if a woman named Norma happened
to be there last night.
Yeah, she left her car in
the parking lot all night.
It's still here.
You know her?
Oh...
Well, yes, I... I do.
I'm a close friend,
and I was just concerned.
Well, tell her I have
her keys behind the bar.
She needs to get it today,
or I have to call a tow.
Okay, and, uh, do you
know if she was alone?
W-was there a man with her?
You mean did she leave with a man?
Probably.
Yes.
Huh.
Well, I'll, uh...
Thanks for letting me know.
I'll... I'll tell her
that you have her keys.
Bye.
[baby fusses]
Got that.
[baby cries]
We're good, we're good.
- It's hot. It's hot.
- [baby coos]
[water bubbling]
Dyl... [laughs] the water.
I'm sorry.
Multitasking got the best of you?
Yeah, whoever decided we only
needed two arms is an asshole.
Well, you could've woken me up.
Shh. It's fine, hon.
I wanted you to have a break. It's good.
Well, I have an idea, sweet girl.
[baby fusses]
- Ooh.
- Why don't I take you
so Daddy can have both hands
to make Mommy an amazing lunch?
Yeah, you might wanna
lower your expectations
- to just edible.
- [laughs]
Honestly, I could probably eat
the spaghetti out of the box.
I am so hungry.
You deserve better than that.
Dylan.
Come on.
We're doing great. You're
too hard on yourself.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Can we talk about the earring?
[ominous music]
Look, you kept it for a reason,
and I know you say that door is closed,
but there are no absolutes.
Maybe we should think about
reaching out to your mom.
I know it's complicated, but, honestly,
I've been thinking about
her, and she's a nut,
but how amazing would
she be as a grandmother?
Look, Emma, I know
that you think you have
this superpower where
you know what people want
even though that's not what they say,
but it's getting... It's
getting really old, okay?
And sometimes people actually
do know what they want
without you having to tell them.
So if you could just...
If you could just drop
the Norma thing, that'd
be great, all right?
Got it.
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
Madeleine, hi.
Hey, I wanted to talk to you.
I'm so sorry about last night.
Yeah, you know what, could
I, uh, call you back? I...
was just gonna call a cab.
I have to go pick up my car.
Where's your car?
It... it was stolen.
They just found it in a
parking lot outside of a bar,
but I... I need to go pick it up now.
Do you need a lift? I can pick you up.
No, I... I don't.
I... I don't wanna impose,
and it's a little far
outside of town.
No, no, I'm off today
and Sam is back in Seattle, so I'm free.
I could be there in ten minutes.
Uh, okay, yes, uh, great.
Thank you.
Of course.
- Okay, bye.
- [phone beeps]
I feel terrible about last night.
What you must think of me...
I don't think anything bad.
I just think you're lonely, Madeleine,
but I don't blame you.
I just don't want you
to think that I was,
like, setting you up,
like I was inviting you
over at night and...
And what?
And what... do I think
you wanted to be with me,
to have some human
companionship and attention?
Of course, yeah, I... I do think that,
but I don't judge you for it.
I understand.
I sure understand what
it is to be lonely,
although I don't have a choice.
I don't understand.
I don't need you to
understand my life, Madeleine.
I barely understand it myself.
Okay.
[somber music]
I'm sorry.
You really didn't do anything wrong
by inviting me over.
But I do think that you
should talk to your husband
because you're lonely and
isolated for a reason.
You just need to talk to him.
[sighs]
I hate this part.
Oh! [giggles]
Mm, if you do that one more
time, I'm gonna be late.
Then be late.
Sam, I can't.
I gotta get to work.
[sighs]
Your boss is an ass.
Yeah, but that doesn't
make him not my boss.
What if you didn't go back to Oregon?
You could just stay here in Seattle.
We could do it.
Get married.
That's not fair, Marion.
You know we can't right now.
I don't care about your debt.
You should.
Sam, do you love me?
Of course.
Do I love you?
I know you do.
Good, then marry me already.
I have to be in White
Pine Bay right now.
- There's opportunity...
- Then I'll come
- to White Pine Bay.
- You'd hate it.
I liked it. It was sweet.
That's because you were
there one afternoon,
and we spent most of it in a motel room.
Well, like I said, I liked it.
Babe, it's claustrophobic.
It's small and boring
and everybody thinks
they know who you are.
You don't belong in a
place like that, Marion.
The thing is, Sam, I never
felt like I belonged anywhere.
Hey, listen, we're
gonna have a big life.
You just gotta give me
time to make it happen.
[sighs]
Please, be patient.
I have been.
You don't think I have other options?
Believe me, I know you have options.
I see the way other guys look at you.
You don't think I know
I don't deserve you?
I know.
No, Sam.
I didn't mean that.
I just... I miss you.
I miss you too.
Hey, you deserve the world.
I wanna be the guy who gives it to you.
Just... you gotta give me a little time.
Come here.
Look, I gotta go.
Where have you been?
Jeff Dunn has been here for 30 minutes.
- Shit.
- They can't do anything
until you notarize those
settlement charges.
I know, Beth.
Well, lucky for you,
I'm good at small talk.
[knock at door]
Come on in.
You were looking for me?
Yeah, there you are.
How's my favorite notary public?
Ready to go.
Yes, you are.
Okay, so if you sign right here.
There we go.
And thank you.
- And Mr. Dunn.
- Thank you.
- There.
- Here we go.
[pen scratching]
Okay.
And now we make it official.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you, Marion.
Okay, I'll leave you
gentlemen to the rest.
Whoa, whoa, aren't you
gonna say "congratulations"?
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
It's a great property, Jeff, great.
Hey, hey, you wanna see what
$400,000 in cash feels like?
It's... it's much lighter
than you'd imagine.
It's funny.
Wow, like a feather.
Excuse me, I get bad migraines.
I have to go.
Oh, okay, sorry, sweetheart.
All righty, well,
thank you for the ride.
Why did you tell me that
I need to talk to Sam?
What could you possibly know
about Sam that I don't know?
I met your husband
before I ever met you.
He brought a woman to my motel.
You must have seen someone else.
Sam wouldn't do that to me.
I'm not wrong.
I'm sorry.
[somber music]
So you've known this whole time
that I've known you?
And you just... You and Sam both knew,
and I was just this idiot in the middle?
I... I just didn't think
it was my place, Madeleine.
I mean, I barely knew you.
I'm not even sure I believe any of this.
You could just be saying this to drive
Sam and I further apart.
You can get out of my truck now.
Madeleine, I was just...
Get out of my damn truck!
Go!
♪ Wrong I've done ♪
♪ I guess you're
surprised to see me ♪
♪ Here at your door like a sparrow ♪
- Hey, you.
- Hello.
I, uh, called earlier
about the Mercedes.
♪ Who's come back to beg you ♪
The car, I'm... I'm here to
pick up the car for Norma.
I think you might have
the keys behind the bar.
You okay to drive, buddy?
Mm-hmm, I... Yes, thank
you, of course I am.
Here you go.
Take care.
♪ I can't make it
without your love ♪
Excuse me?
♪ Oh, can't you see? ♪
Uh, you didn't happen to see
my friend Norma today, did you?
Is that a trick question?
No, no, it's... it's not, but... but...
When... when she was in
here, was she with anyone?
[ominous music]
Or maybe a man, very
dark hair, eyes, 6',
maybe with the look
of an escaped convict?
[chuckling]
Are you sure you're all right?
Mm-hmm, yes, no, I'm... I'm fine.
It's all good.
It's all gonna be good, Norman.
[engine turns over]
It's all gonna be good.
[music intensifying]
- [case thuds]
- [gasps]
I told you I needed you here early.
I know. I'm sorry.
I woke up feeling terrible.
I only came in because I knew
this was important to you.
I hate these money transactions.
I don't want the cash in
the office over the weekend,
and now Jeff wants me to show him
the Capitol Hill property
before he flies to New York,
so I need you to deposit this money
before the bank closes.
You usually do that yourself.
Yes, but Jeff is feeling
a little enthusiastic,
and I think it's safe to
assume that this is not
his only briefcase of cash.
Uh, Mr. Lowery?
I was wondering, with Janet leaving...
I'd like to submit
myself for her position.
Oh, you're interested in Janet's job?
Yes, I've been here for three years.
I think I've shown my value.
I have my notary license.
Well, Marion, I... I don't mean
to be harsh, but, may I ask,
do you have a college degree?
No, I don't.
You know, maybe you should
consider pursuing that first.
Take some night classes.
Invest in your future.
I mean, that would be great for you.
Would you...
Would you at least consider a raise?
Marion, um, one thing I
really respect in my employees
is a good sense of timing.
Uh, right now, I've got a
very important client upstairs
and now is not an appropriate moment.
Maybe we can talk about this on Monday.
Maybe be on time. It
will help your case.
[somber music]
Of course. I'm sorry.
I don't know what I was thinking.
I'm happy to deposit the money.
Thank you.
[dramatic music]
[both mouthing words]
I do apologize for stopping therapy,
but it wasn't because I
wasn't taking care of myself.
I understand, Norman.
I hope you do because you really
helped me a lot, Dr. Edwards.
You helped me be able
to go home and to deal
with everything that happened.
I couldn't have done that without you.
It was a lot to go through,
the death of your mother...
Hmm.
So you're not having blackouts anymore?
Oh, no, no, not since I, uh...
Not since I started the medicine.
Where are you getting
your prescriptions?
They haven't called me for a
refill in a year and a half.
I just started going to
a closer psychiatrist.
It was too far to go to
you, but I'm... I'm sorry.
You don't believe me, do you?
I'm just glad you sat down
to have coffee with me.
When a patient leaves,
you always wonder why.
Was it something I did,
something I wasn't seeing?
And I think I pushed
you too far too fast,
and... I'm sorry about that.
Why do you think that?
Because we were getting to
some pretty interesting things
when you left.
Interesting how?
Well, I... I pushed
you to remember certain
coping mechanisms that you
had developed over the years
to deal with trauma.
Do you remember that?
[eerie music]
Mm-hmm.
You don't have to handle
this alone, Norman.
I'm not alone.
Do you have your mother still?
Mm-hmm.
Do you remember what
I told you about her?
Sometimes I see Mother when
she's not really there,
and sometimes I become her.
[music intensifying]
That's right.
Well, that doesn't happen anymore,
and I just miss her, you know?
That's... that's why I'm upset.
Would you consider
resuming our sessions?
I... appreciate the chat,
but I've just gotta be
getting back to my motel.
Be well.
[dramatic music]
[line trilling]
Hey, it's Sam Loomis.
Leave me a message. I'll
get right back to you.
Sam, it's me.
There's something important
I have to tell you.
Call me.
[engine turns over]
[siren wailing]
[whispering] Shit.
[tense music]
[sighs]
Could I see your
driver's license, please?
Did I do something wrong, sir?
I don't think I was speeding.
Your coat's hanging out
of the trunk, Ms. Crane.
They pull people over
for things like that?
Well, it's blocking your license plate.
You must've been in a hurry.
No, I... I always do
dumb stuff like that.
Where you headed?
Mm, San Diego, surprising my boyfriend.
[police radio chatter]
Well, it was nice of you to
let me know about my coat,
but really it's... Doesn't matter.
It's just an old thing.
Here, pop your trunk.
Excuse me?
Pop your trunk. I'll fix it for you.
[light thudding]
[trunk thuds closed]
[tapping]
[engine turns over]
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
Oh, sorry, work.
Hey, sorry, I think we
have a bad connection.
Um, I can't hear that well.
I'm gonna try to take it on the
porch to get a better signal.
I'll be quick.
[tense music]
Hey, I can't really talk right now.
I'm at dinner with a client.
Did you get my messages?
I'm 30 miles outside of town.
What?
What are you talking about?
I just left you this morning.
Yeah, I know, Sam, but
I did something crazy.
Well, are you okay?
Yeah, I just need to see you.
Should I just meet
you at your apartment?
Hon, this is a really bad time.
I'm not sure I can.
I wasn't completely honest.
About what?
My living situation.
Look, it's embarrassing.
I've got this room in this guy's house.
It's cheap, and, you know, I'm
not supposed to have guests.
Well, just meet me at that motel.
I don't care.
Yeah.
Yeah, let me... let me
just figure out when.
- [phone beeps]
- Sam!
What's her name?
[door clicks open]
[footsteps tapping]
Emma, we need to talk.
Okay.
You need to know why I cut
off contact with my mom.
I-I think Norman is sick.
I know he's sick, Dylan.
No, no, it's... it's worse
than you can imagine, trust me.
He...
He gets really angry sometimes,
and it's... it's like
when he's in... When he's in that place,
it's like he's filled
with this rage, right?
And it's like he could do anything.
What do you mean by "anything"?
Things happen around him.
Bad things.
Like what?
Like your teacher, Blaire Watson.
Norman was with her the
night she was killed.
He was a suspect, and they had him take
a lie detector test, and he
passed, but something just...
Something really never seemed right.
This is gonna sound
really crazy, Emma, but...
Norma told me that
Norman killed his dad.
What?
Sam was... He was a really bad guy.
I mean, he used to beat
the shit out of my mom
all the time, and I... I don't know.
I... I think that Norman
was trying to protect her,
but I don't know exactly what happened.
I mean, she tried to cover it up.
She said that he didn't mean
to. You know how she is.
She'd... she'd do anything
for him, even ignore
the fact that he's...
But then he went into Pineview,
and, you know, I thought that...
I thought that maybe
everything would be okay
and he'd be safe and I could
stop worrying all the time.
Because... I felt like
I was going crazy, Emma.
He's... he's my brother. He's Norman.
And then Norma let him come home,
and I realized that he wasn't okay.
And then you found this.
Your mom's earring?
[somber music]
No, Em.
It's your mom's earring.
Norma kept it. I don't know why.
So... so what? She...
she left it at the motel
when she was there?
Probably.
"Probably," why probably?
Why didn't you just
tell me it was hers?
Because I was worried that
Norman did something to her.
What are you talking about?
I don't know, Emma, because
I... I thought that I was
being paranoid and...
But your mom stayed
at the motel, and Norma left Norman
alone with her, and...
And now we can't find her
and she never checked out.
My God, this is insane.
S-so you're saying that
Norman hurt my mom?
I don't know, Emma.
That's why I never said anything.
Well, you should've told
me! Why didn't you tell me?
Because I didn't have any proof!
[baby crying]
Okay? I-I-I didn't say anything
because I didn't... I
didn't know, all right?
I... I asked Norma, and... and
she said that she couldn't deal,
that it would break her,
and so I left, all right?
I was a coward, and I left
because I wanted to be with you.
- [baby crying]
- I need to go get her.
No, let me get her. I'll...
No, no, you need... You need to get out.
You need to leave. You
need to go and take a walk
because if you stay here,
I'm gonna start screaming,
and I don't want Kate to hear that.
[dramatic music]
Sometimes I see Mother when
she's not really there.
Sometimes I become her.
[dance music]
Hey, this is a new look for you.
I like it.
Hey.
You're back. I was worried about you.
No need to worry.
I'm still standing.
It's kind of strange today.
I've never seen you like this before.
I'll put that on your tab.
Take it easy tonight.
Last night got a little crazy.
[muffled conversations, laughter]
Hey, man, you get home okay last night?
Yes, yes, um, yeah, thank you.
All right. Have fun.
[dark music]
[gasping]
[muffled dance music]
[door clicks open]
Hey, I thought I saw you come in.
What are you doing?
Come on, Norma.
You weren't that drunk.
[dark music]
I'm so sorry.
I-I-I don't know what's happening.
Hey, are you okay?
[gasping and panting]
Hey, hey, hey, I'm here.
Let me help you. What can I do?
I... I need my mother.
Okay, can I call her for you?
No, no, you can't. She's... she's...
We're supposed to be
together, aren't we, Norman?
[somber music]
[shuddering]
[dramatic music]
[breathing heavily]
[engine revving]
[somber music]
[ominous music]
[thunder rumbling]
[bang]
[lock clicks]
[dramatic orchestral music]
[music swelling]
[dark music]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org